### MVP 
   
An MVP (Minimum viable product) is the stage of a product where there is just enough of the features implemented that customers and investors can get a look at the core features and give feedback on whether the features are up to the standards of the customers and if there are different things they are wanting that is the stage of development for them to say something. Having the ability to understand the user base without having to fully develop a product will allow the developer to better appeal to their customers, and give them the knowledge of whether creating such a product would be worth creating or not. This gives a good understanding of how much support would be needed financially as well.

The product we will be developing this semester is QuizMaster, it is a web application to allow the creation of Quizzes and allowing consumers to take the quizzes and receive feedback on how well they did. The QuizMaster MVP will focus on enhancing the core features of quiz creation, improving user experience, and introducing new quiz categories and difficulty levels. This iteration will provide value to users by delivering a refined, intuitive platform that offers both educational and entertainment-based quizzes while gathering valuable feedback for future development. It will be a version of the old product but with added structure in order to provide something new to the user. To do this, we will finish up what the previous team had started and we will continue to work on the web app until we feel as a customer that it gives us something new to doThese features include but are not limited to: Enhancing quiz categories with customizable options for difficulty levelsImproved user interface (UI) for seamless navigation and an efficient quiz search experience. Additional user-friendly settings, such as personalized feedback based on quiz performance. Optimization of quiz creation tools, allowing users to create, edit, and publish quizzes seamlessly.

The previous team did a great job getting Quizmaster to look very polished, as well as the completion of the custom quiz creation, now they did a great job with designing and implementing it but it can use more refining such as when searching for quizzes to make it more organized and appealing to look at. The needs of the user are of great importance since this application can be used for academic purposes as well as a way for users to have fun with it. Navigation through the UI is important for there not to be any confusion for the user. It is also important that the application is very presentable. The continuous improvement of the UI can make development easier for current and future teams.

Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery is always at the forefront of the consistent improvements being made for the application. Maintaining this practice will make for a better application as well as allowing for better communication within the team. As a team, it will be important to be testing each new implementation of the MVP we intend on creating.A user-centered design approach will guide our MVP development process. By continuously testing with real users, we can ensure that each new feature or improvement directly addresses user needs, making the application intuitive, accessible, and enjoyable to use. Gathering user feedback throughout this process will allow us to validate product-market fit and refine features based on real-world use.
